Let's go up the mountain to marry our king
Don't worry, our king is young, handsome and literate
You will never suffer
Strange two people
But I can use space to get out
Why don't you go and see what they want to do?
It's over, I haven't found it yet, I haven't found it yet.
Your Highness, please rest for a while
If you don't sleep anymore
Miss Jiang didn't find you, so you can't hold on anymore
Brother Yanshan is right
No matter how busy you are, you can't skip meals or rest
Thank you
You are recovering from a serious illness
I didn't have a good rest when I came to the palace
Don't be too tired
Just leave these things to the servants
It's okay, I'm not tired.
And the doctor said
Being cooped up in my room all day is not good for my health either
Brother is looking for someone
I might be able to help
You go down and rest first
I'll be free another day.
Take you to the nearby benefits
Where is it?
Stay up late by me
We found the real thing in the suburbs